Good Afternoon,

I hope you summer is going well!  Please carefully read all of the information that is included below regarding tryouts for the Laker golf program.   

Qualifying rounds for a roster spot on the 2018-2019 Oswego State golf team will be held starting Wednesday, August 22nd, continuing on Thursday, August 23rd & Friday, August 24th.  Tee times for tryouts will begin at 7:30 AM each day at the Oswego Country Club.  The first competition of the fall is scheduled for Saturday & Sunday, September 1st - 2nd at Yahnundasis Country Club hosted by Hamilton College.   

Everyone will be required to attend a MANDATORY NCAA Compliance Meeting Tuesday, August 21st in the afternoon, time and location to be announced.  Individuals who will reside in the residence halls on campus will be allowed to move into their room starting Tuesday, August 21st.  Information regarding this will be sent at a later date.

Obviously tryouts will be held prior to the start of classes, it is very important that everyone fully complete ALL of the compliance information including the medical, health and insurance documentation PRIOR TO ARRIVING TO CAMPUS on 8/21/2018.  Failure to do so will eliminate you from tryouts (NO EXCEPTIONS). 

All of the required compliance information is listed on the Oswego State Athletic Department's web site, oswegolakers.com, found under the inside athletics tab - compliance forms.   

Below is information you will need to complete for the Oswego State Athletic Department's Sports Medicine Staff please make sure to follow ALL of the instructions.  The breakdown of items required by the Sports Medicine Staff is as follows:
 
Freshmen/Transfers:
 
1. Follow the ATS for Newcomers link
2. Follow the Concussion Vital Signs Link
3. Must have all Mary Walker Health Center Forms completed in the compliance section

Returning Team Members:
1. Update Medical info on ATS
2. Update insurance information online on ATS

Attached is instructions on how to upload a copy of the insurance card from your phone, which most athletes will probably do.  Student-Athletes WILL NOT be able to participate without their insurance on file.  Since the sports medicine staff is going complete paperless, student-athletes will be required to upload a copy of their insurance card and fill in the appropriate information on the ATS site.  

**NEW INSURANCE: You must upload and input your new insurance information into ATS.  Please click on the insurance tab and put a Front & Back copy of your insurance card.

If you have any questions regarding the insurance or medical information please contact Elise Fitzsimmons, Assistant Athletic Trainer at: Elise.Fitzsimmons@oswego.edu

Enjoy the rest of the summer,
Coach Howard
